1) How might you reduce the “copy/paste” problem between Cat and Dog?
This problem can be solved using polymorphism. A base class called "Pet" can be used to store the shared functionality.
"Dog" and "Cat" classes can inherit from the "Pet" class, only needing to define how they speak.

2) How would you go about error handling?
Ensure that there are try/catch statements everywhere necessary so that all exceptions will be properly handled.
Add null checks to the Pet objects to avoid null pointer exceptions.
It could be beneficial to implement a system to retry failed database operations in case they timeout ,
especially if this program was to be scaled to work on the web with a lot of data.

3) How would you approach this type of task working on a team of people?
Work could be divided among the team member. One teammate could implement the custom cat and dog behaviors.
Another teammate could implement the Database component, and a last teammate could implement the unit testing.

4) How might you change or improve the Data.pseudo object interface?
In the case of a Java JDBC implementation, the begin/commit/rollback actions could be automated by JDBC.
By default, JDBC will autocommit , and each SQL statement is treated as an individual transaction.
Thus, one could do away with the begin/commit/rollback methods in the Data.pseudo interface.
Additional helper methods can be added, such as a method for deleting a Dog/Cat, and for getting all dogs/cats, for example.
Ideally, a framework such as Hibernate could be used to provide ORM (object-relational mapping).
The dog and cat classes could then correspond directly to their respective tables, and the framework could automatically
insert them without the need to hand write sql strings which parse out the desired values from the java objects.

5) Data integrity is very important in a production environment. What things can you do to ensure data integrity?
Additional checks can be added to validate expected data, and to check for errors such as unwanted null values.
If there are classes whose references should never be changed, they can be given the "final" java modifier.
This will ensure that the class cant be reassigned to a new instance my mistake.
Tests should be conducted to ensure that Cat/Dog objects are properly being stored in the database.
This means that duplicates arent being allowed and that the expected data is being stored in the database.